Not since "8 Heads in a Duffel Bag" and the "How High" previewshave I laughed so little at something that the film makers thoughtwould be hysterical.Jerry Lewis is the richest man in the world. He is rejected as 4-Fby the army, and decides to use his money to raise his own army-of about half a dozen. He then impersonates a Nazi commander inItaly, and eventually tries to kill Hitler. That is the description of theflimsy plot.This film is as funny as a heart attack. This film makes "Hogan'sHeroes" look like Shakespeare. If the money men of "TheProducers" had really wanted to lose their cash, they should haveshown this film. I cannot stress how bad this thing is.Lewis' direction consists of two different cameras shooting theaction from two different angles, then being edited together. Thissitcom type of direction works on television, but here it is anobvious attempt to cheat the audience. He ends most of hisscenes with a still shot, as if giving the viewer a chance to doubleover in stitches before going to the next tired set up. I spent most ofthe movie doubled over in abdominal agony, accompanied withsevere flatulence, over this thing.Lewis, the director and producer, sets the film in 1943, but makesno attempt to use period costumes or sets. Everyone wears thelatest style and has the latest interior design...for 1970. Thesupporting cast is lost as Lewis goes off on his patented tangents,which last as long as major surgery and are just as painful towatch. When Lewis becomes the Nazi commander, he spends thelast half of the film screaming at the top of his lungs in aperformance so odious as to stink up any good will you try to bringin at the beginning.The final embarassing shot has Lewis and his cronies trying toput one over on the Japanese. They wear buck teeth, squint theireyes, and talk in a "funny" accent. It may be one of the mostblatantly racist occurrences since the internment camps. I wasslack jawed at what Lewis did through this whole thing, but that putme over the edge. Watch for Kaye Ballard's very tasteless scenewhere she tries to attempt suicide over and over again."Star Trek"'s George Takei has two small scenes, then wiselydrops out of the picture. This has less laughs than Mel Brooks' lastthree films combined. There is nothing sadder than watching aformerly respected comedian screw up a project so horribly, youactually feel ashamed for them. Jim Carrey learned that with "TheMajestic," but Jerry Lewis still shows up on television once in awhile pulling the same unfunny schtick. I feel sorry for him."Which Way to the Front?" is cheap, unfunny, offensive, and stupid.I feel bad for everyone involved, and anyone who must endure this.I do not recommend it.Though rated (G), this contains some physical violence, some gunviolence, and some adult situations. If your child shows interest inseeing this, please consult professional help.