Somewhere between the Food Court and Zip's, the mall in this filmhas an explosives store. This is the only place the title charactercan purchase the bomb he plants in the mall in the dull finale.A fictional town has a new mall, built on some land that wascondemned. Cute Girl (I didn't catch her name) gets a job as awaitress there. She lost her boyfriend in a fire at the site where themall stands. The villainous mall owner hires the arsonistresponsible for the fire as a security guard after his first securityguard ends up dead. Rob Estes, eons before "Silk Stalkings," is aphotog/reporter trying to find a story. He hooks up with Cute Girl,and their mutual "funny" friend Pauly Shore, and try to find out if Ericis still alive. He is, living in the mall basement (?) and travelingthrough the air ducts and offing different people who upset hisformer girlfriend, including the arsonist. Eventually, he kidnaps herand the finale involves the bomb and everyone running from thescene before the big kablooey. Morgan Fairchild is along for theride as the mayor...yes, she's the mayor.Of course, you probably did not need a plot sketch since the entirestory is in the title. Someone named Eric is taking revenge againstpeople as a phantom of a mall. This also means there is nosuspense. We know Eric is behind this, but we still have to seeEstes and Cute Girl go through the motions of a silly investigation.Watch as Fairchild, who we know has been in cahoots with themall owner all along, pull a gun on our heroic duo in the middle ofa crowded party, yet no one says a word as she leads them to heroffice, and her eventual death. The fictional town is huge, yet nary apoliceman is ever called, everyone relies on mall security for order.Eric has been hiding since the mall was built, but I am not surewhere. He seems to live in a basement area, but you would thinksome construction worker would have found him. He also hasfurnished his love pad quite well, and found a few outlets, since hehas electricity. It might be nicer than your own apartment!Pauly Shore fans, both of you, take note. He tricks a security guardout of his booth by mooning the camera. Yes, stop scanningCelebrity Skin and Playgirl, this is where you get to see a grainyblack and white shot of Pauly's south shore, although no weezil.This is just junk, and proof positive that I am down to renting justabout anything at the video store to stay in the horror section. Thisfilm is not Eric's revenge, it is the film maker's revenge for mebeing dumb enough to watch it. Here is my revenge: I do notrecommend it. That'll show 'em!This is rated (R) for physical violence, some gun violence, gore,some profanity, some female nudity, brief male nudity, and somesexual content.